Your best ideas don't wait for you to sit down.
They arrive on a walk. Between meetings. While you're holding something else in your head.
The question isn't where they come from — it's whether you can catch them before they slip.
That's what Talkie is for. Three principles.
Velocity.
Your voice is the fastest path from thought to action.
Speak it, and it lands — in your draft, your task list, your terminal, wherever you were already going.
Sovereignty.
Your words stay on your devices.
We don't ship them to a cloud to be useful. The signal path is short, and it's yours.
Flow.
The cursor returns to where it started. Your hands stay where they were.
Talkie doesn't ask you to leave what you're doing.
Your voice is the fastest path.
Don't let the tools slow you down.